

KL Divergence Analysis(Best 10)
----------------------
Text prompt: Someone is playing an acoustic guitar finger picking a melody. On top of that, a distorted e-guitar is playing a solo melody with delay on it. This song may be playing at home creating a song in a DAW.
Retrieved: The low quality recording features a reverberant, electric guitar solo melody. The recording is noisy and in mono.
Text prompt: Someone is strumming an acoustic guitar while playing a fingerstyle melody and percussive sounds. This is an amateur recording. This song may be playing at a bonfire.
Retrieved: This audio contains someone playing an acoustic guitar fingerstyle. An upright bass is playing a line in the background. This song may be playing guitar to someone.
Text prompt: This is an instrumental kids song. There is a xylophone and a music box playing a cute and cheerful melody. The atmosphere of the piece is cozy and relaxing. This piece could be used as a backing track for a nursery rhyme. It could be used in the soundtrack of a movie targeted at children.
Retrieved: The low quality recording features a shimmering bell melody, followed by some stuttering swing sound effects. It sounds passionate and addictive.
Text prompt: This music is a Didgeridoo solo instrumental. The tempo is slow with a steady, vibrating drone like harmony with no accompaniment. The music is an intense, monotone , low pitched,incessant buzz like vibrations. It is unique with a captivating, alluring and hypnotic vibe.
Retrieved: The low quality recording features a sustained didgeridoo melody played over quiet, shimmering shakers and wooden percussion. It sounds intense and suspenseful.
Text prompt: This music is a captivating Piano solo melody. The tempo is medium fast with no accompaniment. The suit is mellow, captivating , pleasant, soothing , engaging, charming and ambient. This music is a Classic Piano piece that sounds like the melody of a Hymn.
Retrieved: The low quality recording features mellow piano chords playing. There is a short audio cut and the recording is noisy and in mono.
Text prompt: This music is an electric guitar lead instrumental. The tempo is slow with no accompaniment and ambient sounds like a popping and swishing sound. The music is a rhythmic, controlled, pleasant, melancholic, sentimental and emotional Electric guitar solo.
Retrieved: The low quality recording features a wide arpeggiated electric guitar melody. It sounds clean, passionate and the recording is a bit noisy.
Text prompt: This music is an enthralling Sitar instrumental. The tempo is fast with an animated and melodic Sitar lead Harmony and tanpura accompaniment. The music is based on Hindustani Classical notes. It is captivating, intense, mellifluous, engaging,and fervent.
Retrieved: This classical Hindustani song features the sitar playing the main melody. Open strings are continuously played with fretted strings providing the main melody of this song. This is accompanied by a tabla playing a classical rhythm. There are no other instruments in this song. There are no voices in this song. This song can be played for an Indian traditional dance.
Text prompt: A piano is playing a ballad composition with a lot of reverb. This song may be playing as background music.
Retrieved: The low quality recording features mellow piano chords playing. There is a short audio cut and the recording is noisy and in mono.
Text prompt: This instrumental clip features a theremin being played. This is backed by acoustic plucking chords. There is no percussion in this song. There are no voices in this song. This is a slow tempo song and the melody is haunting. This song can be used in a dream sequence in a movie.
Retrieved: The low quality recording features a traditional song that consists of a breathy flute melody in the right channel and acoustic guitar chords in the right channel of the stereo image, followed by wooden percussion, simple bass and arpeggiated string melody. It sounds soulful and the recording is noisy.
Text prompt: The excerpt features an electric guitar playing a descending melody note by note with a slight distortion effect on. This doesn't sound like actual music but more like an exercise.
Retrieved: The low quality recording features a passionate electric guitar lick played over electric guitar chords. It sounds emotional, soulful and the recording is noisy and in mono.


CLAP Analysis(Best 10)
----------------------
Text prompt: The song is an instrumental. The song is medium tempo with a sitar playing solo, tabla playing percussively and other Indian percussion instruments. The song is emotional and poignant. The audio quality is very ordinary.
Retrieved: The low quality recording features a live performance of a traditional song that consists of a strings melody played over wooden percussion. The recording is in mono, a bit noisy and it sounds passionate, emotional and soulful.
Text prompt: The music features an electric guitar playing what sounds to be a solo over a backing track or an actual recording of a song. The notes played in this passage are played fast. The vocabulary used by the guitarist resembles that of the jazz-fusion genre.
Retrieved: The low quality recording features a cover of an alternative/indie song that consists of acoustic guitar melody. It sounds groovy and the recording is in mono and noisy.
Text prompt: This is a classical music waltz piece played on a glass harp instrument. The melody is being played on the smaller glasses at a higher pitch while the rhythm is being played on the bigger glass at a medium pitch. The piece is being played at a cathedral which gives a nice resonance and natural reverb effect. The piece has a unique character. It can be played in the soundtracks of children's movies/TV shows.
Retrieved: This song contains someone playing a harp along with someone playing a melody on a transverse flute in the higher mid range. In the background you can hear people whispering.
Text prompt: A male ukulele player plays this emotional solo. The song is medium tempo with no other instrumentation than an ukulele playing. The song is emotional and poignant. The song is an instrumental tune.
Retrieved: The low quality recording features a live performance of an arpeggiated acoustic guitar melody and plucked harp melody. It sounds mellow, soft, easygoing and the recording is really noisy and in mono.
Text prompt: The instrumental latin music features a big band. The trumpets, saxophones and trombones play the same melody but on different pitches. The percussion section includes a drum kit played in the latin style and a pair of congas. A piano accompanies the brass section and blends in with the rest of the band. An electronic sound can be heard playing the same note throughout the music excerpt.
Retrieved: The song is an instrumental. The tempo is medium with a brass including trumpets and saxophones playing in harmony, wooden xylophones and Latin percussions play accompaniment to the band along with a male singer. The song is exciting and groovy. The audio quality is poor and probably a home recording.
Text prompt: The song is an instrumental. The song is medium tempo with a flute paging embody, various stringed instruments playing in harmony and no percussion. The song is passionate and emotional. The audio quality is average .
Retrieved: This is an instrumental flute music piece. The flute is playing a gentle melody while an acoustic guitar is playing an arpeggio in the background. There is a calming, relaxing atmosphere. This piece would fit perfectly in the background of a meditation video. It could also be used in the soundtrack of a documentary during serene scenery shots.
Text prompt: This is the performance of an Irish folk song using a banjo and a mandolin. The singer is elderly and the guitars are layered. The banjo is used to play a simple motif that revolves around two chords.
Retrieved: This song contains acoustic guitars being strummed fast, a mandolin playing the lead melody in a higher pitch and an upright bass providing an almost walking bassline. This song may be playing in the countryside while having a BBQ.
Text prompt: The song is an instrumental tune. The song is medium tempo with a steady drumming rhythm, groovy bass line, trumpets playing, brass band section and keyboard harmony. The song is exciting and energetic. The song is a tv show tune and has fun jazz roots.
Retrieved: This music is a lively instrumental. The tempo is fast with a drum beat introduction, saxophone solo, piano solo, followed with lively harmony of the tenor sax and march like drumming. This piece is the song introduction. It is a lively, cheerful, happy, celebratory and youthful Western Classical.
Text prompt: This is the live recording of a didgeridoo concert. The didgeridoo is being played at a wide variety of frequency ranges. There is a raw feel to this piece. The sound has tribal characteristics. The sounds from this recording could be sampled for use in beat-making.
Retrieved: This is the sound of a didgeridoo being played. This sound alternates between a droning sound and a deep bass sound. There are no other instruments in this song. There are no voices in this song. This song can be played in a movie featuring aboriginals.
Text prompt: This is a classical orchestral piece. The melody played on the trumpets feels like a prelude to an important, impressive moment. This music would suit any momentous occasion - like the countdown to a rocket launch.
Retrieved: This clip feels like a magical fairytale. It features layers of violin that are somewhat orchestral in their arrangement, on top of acoustic guitar arpeggios that cut through the legato violin melodies. At the beginning, there is a warm synth that sounds a little bit like an accordion - rapid chord stabs are played there in eighth notes.
----------------------
----------------------


KL Divergence Analysis(Worst 10)
----------------------
Text prompt: The excerpt starts off with a brief silence after which a sound effect and two metallic sounds can be heard. After this section comes another brief silence and then a kind of light club/electronic music starts to play for a few seconds. Adding all of this up it sounds as if this isn't an actual song but rather background music and sound effects for a presentation of some sorts.
Retrieved: The low quality recording features a synth pad played at the very beginning of the loop, after which basic sine wave tone is played. It sounds weird and like a tutorial for making music.
Text prompt: The low quality recording features a kids song played through a toy and it consists of childish vocal singing over groovy piano chords and funky guitar melody. It is noisy, in mono and it sounds happy, fun, but also thin, messy, muffled and crushed.
Retrieved: This song is a duet of the Christmas Carol ‘Jingle Bells’ in Spanish. The tempo is medium with keyboard harmony, tambourine beats , hand percussion and accordion accompaniment . The song is cute, simple, cheerful, happy and animated.
Text prompt: This recording is of very poor audio-quality. The sub bass is strongly over-driving the recorder's speaker. You can also hear a digital drum and a male voice singing in the mid to high range. This song may be playing in a club.
Retrieved: This audio contains digital drums playing along to a male voice singing in a higher key while a synth bass sound and a lead sound are supporting the epic atmosphere. Then another male voice starts rapping with a lot of confidence and a little aggression in his voice. A male voice is providing backing vocals panned to both sides of the speakers. This song may be playing as a motivational mood enhancer.
Text prompt: These are sounds coming from a film. There is an ambient atmosphere of birds singing. There is a velcro ripping sound. These sounds could be sampled to be used in soundboards or in beat-making.
Retrieved: This is an ASMR clip which features a sound that is crackly and fuzzy. We also hear the ambient tone of a room - possibly an air conditioner in the background.
Text prompt: The clip is a combination of various sound effects. There's a general atmospheric buzz of crowd chatter, and there are various beeping and buzzing sounds in the clip. The clip ends with a loud, slamming thud.
Retrieved: The low quality recording features a flat male vocal talking, after which there is an explosion sound effect, followed by resonating bells and loud percussive impact. The recording is noisy and in mono.
Text prompt: The low quality recording features a muffled trumpet melody playing. There is a random male laughing sound. The recording is very noisy and in mono. It sounds like an intro of a video.
Retrieved: This is a Hindi film music piece. Initially, there is a female voice crying. Afterwards, an orchestra made up of a flute, a string element, a sitar and a piano starts playing an emotional tune. The atmosphere of the piece is heart-touching. It could be used in the soundtracks of Bollywood movies during heartbreaking scenes.
Text prompt: Something like a jukebox or kid's toy is playing a sweet melody for babies while in the foreground a real baby is making noises with its voice. This seems to be an amateur recording. This song may be played to entertain a baby.
Retrieved: This sound is of a doorbell. It is playing a high pitched melody with a chiming sound. There are no other instruments in this song. There are no voices in this song. This sound is similar to what you would find in a music box.
Text prompt: The song is an instrumental piece with various tracks. The song is medium tempo with a piano accompaniment, groovy bass line , steady drumming track, a male sighing in pleasure and water filling a bottle tone. The song is a mix bag of music tracks for various scenes. The song is an instrumental track for a funny YouTube video.
Retrieved: This is an instrumental alternative music piece. There are two electric guitars with heavy effects playing chill melodies. A distinct crackling effect can be heard. The rhythm consists of a medium tempo percussion beat. The atmosphere is trippy. This piece can be used in the soundtrack of a drama movie, especially during a flashback scene involving good memories.
Text prompt: The low quality recording features mono sounds of beeping sound effects, scissors sound effects and some wooden foley effects. It is obviously a video game sound effect, but the sound quality is low since it does not have much depth to it.
Retrieved: This audio contains someone playing a classical piece on a cembalo.
This song may be playing at a theater.
Text prompt: This is a series of clips - a compilation. The compilation is separated by the telephone beep tone. One of the clips is orchestral strings playing a motif that would be used when something shocking or suspenseful happens. The other clip contains a jazzy saxophone motif. There is also a sultry woman speaking sassily with some upbeat percussion under her vocal.
Retrieved: The low quality recording features a classical song that consists of a sustained cello melody playing over sustained strings. It sounds emotional, passionate and the recording is a bit noisy.


CLAP Analysis(Worst 10)
----------------------
Text prompt: There is a low sound that reminds of a heartbeat rising in tempo before a splash-like metallic sound with reverb comes in and breaks the atmosphere in half. This audio may be used for a movie scene. This audio is in poor quality.
Retrieved: This song features a slider didgeridoo being played. It starts off with the didgeridoo playing a note and then siding to a higher pitch. The sound of a water splash is played just before the slide. Then a hissing sound is heard followed by the didgeridoo being played once again without the vibration of the lips. This produces a hollow sound. This sound is produced in a foley studio.
Text prompt: The music features a female voice singing while being backed by another female voice. The instrumental consists of only one acoustic guitar that strums chords. At one point the crowd is screaming/cheering. The sound of the recording plus the cheering crowd makes me think that this was recorded at a live event.
Retrieved: This song contains an acoustic drum playing along with a bass and an accordion melody creating a cheerful atmosphere. The crowd is so loud. Cheering, screaming and laughing. This song may be playing at a local event.
Text prompt: This is an amateur recording of a boy singing along to a kids song playing on a TV. It is an educational song with a female voice in the lead. The melody is being played by an acoustic guitar while the rhythm is played by the electronic drums. The quality of the recording is quite poor. Samples lifted from this recording could still be useful in beat-making.
Retrieved: This low quality audio features a child singing the main melody. This is accompanied by other children's voices singing vocables in the background in harmony. An acoustic guitar strums chords. There are no other instruments in this song. This song has a holiday mood. This song can be played in a Christmas movie.
Text prompt: an uprising low modulated sound comes in with a lot of airy noise before a digital drum rhythm is playing. This is an amateur recording. This sequence may be playing at home programming a sampler.
Retrieved: A trashy, lo-fi sounding experimental techno track with a steady tempo and shrill, metallic sounds. The mood is cold and distant. Everything sounds a little broken.
Text prompt: A male singer sings various songs in live audience situations. The songs have a different tempo and are mostly accompanied by a band. The songs are sung at live venues with people screaming and cheering. The songs are modern pop hits , recorded in poor audio quality with hissing noises.
Retrieved: This is a neo-soul music piece playing under the background of a dance contest. There is a male vocalist singing melodically in the lead. There is a repeating acoustic guitar sample in the beat. A strong bass sound can be heard. The rhythm consists of an electronic drum beat. There are voices shouting over the music in the video. The atmosphere is groovy and urban.
Text prompt: Two male voices are singing loudly together: One backing the other one. A e-guitar can be heard at the end of the phrase. In the background a e-bass and an acoustic drum can be heard but they get overthrown by the sound of the cheering and Screaming crowd. This song may be playing at a live concert.
Retrieved: The low quality recording features a live performance of a pop song that contains flat male vocals talking on a microphone over a song played on playback and some crowd cheering noises. The song consists of a "4 on the floor" kick pattern, energetic cymbals, groovy synth bass, claps and synth lead melody. It sounds happy, joyful and exciting.
Text prompt: These are sound effects taken from a movie trailer. There is a container door closing in the beginning. Then a monster can be heard roaring loudly. Numerous other effects were used to create an ominous feeling. The atmosphere is horrifying. Samples from this track can be lifted to be used in beat-making. These samples could also be used in horror movies or video games.
Retrieved: This game music starts off with midi sounds playing a high pitched melody. This is followed by another instrument playing a louder melody in a descending pattern of five notes followed by an ascending pattern of three notes. Then an industrial machinery sound is heard followed by the sound of a person in boots running. This song is used in a game.
Text prompt: The pop rock music features a male voice singing. An electric guitar with a distortion effect on plays plays two chords every two measures. The drums play a strong rhythm and together with a synth bass drive the pulse of the music.
Retrieved: The low quality recording features a metal song that contains a flat male vocal, alongside harmonizing high pitched female vocal, singing over punchy kick and snare hits, shimmering hi hats, distorted bass guitar, mellow synth bells melody and groovy wide electric guitar riff. It sounds energetic, groovy, aggressive.
Text prompt: A male singer sings this emotional song. The song is medium tempo with guitar accompaniment, strong bass line, steady drumming rhythm, violins playing emotional and tambourine percussion. The song is overlapped with sounds of a vehicle engine and Tarmac sounds.
Retrieved: The low quality recording features harmonizing male vocals singing over a song played on playback, followed by a flat male vocal talking. At the end of the recording, there is a male laughter. It sounds fun and the recording is noisy.
Text prompt: The low quality recording features an acoustic guitar tuning string by string. It sounds a bit harsh and loud. Sounds like a tutorial for tuning a guitar.
Retrieved: This is a clip of a tutorial where we have a male teacher playing a minor scale on a nylon string guitar. The energy of the video is calm.
